Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1024.0.2 (#4303)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1024-1-1-prevent-deletion-of-default-generic-asset-model-during-bulk-deletion.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Prevent deletion of Default Generic Asset model during bulk deletion"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Prevent deletion of default generic asset model during bulk deletion"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: ""
version: "1024.1.1"
---
Previously, users could delete the default generic asset model when

> using bulk delete. Since this model is default and is required, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using bulk delete. Since this model is required as the default, it
```

> using bulk delete. Since this model is required as the default, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using bulk deletion. Since this model is required as the default, it
```

> shouldn't be deleted. This update ensures the default generic asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shouldn't be deletable. This update ensures that the default generic asset
```
